
what do I want to learn or understand better?
I have learned quite a lot about how scrum works in practice the last week thanks to
the Minetest exercise. There still some questions marks left but I will try to use
the free time during easter to fix this. I don't know if we will use 
continous integration during our project such as travis but I still want to understand
it better if we decide to use it. The same thing applies to gradle since we will need
to use it if we use android studio, which we probably will. I would also 
like to understand the concept of a business model canvas a bit better. It is a 
concept that is entirely new to me. It does seem quite intuitive to me and to understand it better
I will try to look for some video describing how it works. Our external stakeholder also
recommended us to get a basic understanding of schizophrenia to further understand the target audience of our app. 
I will try to to look for rescources online for that and we are supposed to recieve a pamphlet that further explains it.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

This week we have not really done that much that I specifically have experience in
so I have not been able to help people learn something new in any significant manner.
The only real thing is maybe that I gave some clarifactions on user stories at a point. 
I suspect this will change
when we get the project rolling and I will try to, as mentioned get more familiar with
gradle and potentially travis. These tools can be quite confusing to work with, atleast
in my experience so I am ready to take some responsibility to set them up and also try to
explain atleast the basics. The same applies to Android studio (and the entire Android framework), 
which we almost certainly will work in
to some extent. To make sure that everyone gains atleast a basic understanding of the
tools we use I will try to be patient and try to explain how they work to the best of 
my ability. I will also try to encourage other group members that are new to these tools
to look them up online and maybe point them in the right direction. We will also have a session
next week where we try to use the android framework together.



what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
I have had a part in discussing in our group how we should use Scrum but 
also I brought up that we should choose a product owner for our group. 
My goal with this course is to get a good understanding of Scrum and also its
pros and cons. At the time of writing Scrum has not really been used for our project
so there might be some difficulties that I'm unaware of at the time of writing.
Therefore I will try, to a resonable degree, make sure that we
follow the fundamental processes of scrum. For example have our meetings 
and fulfill our
commitments. This is ofcourse only if it is really needed and I have no intention
of undermining the scrum master, only to support them in their role.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I wrote some parts of the discussion, most of us(including me) made
our own simple mockups of the GUI for our program that we then merged together.
I've played a minor role in the business model canvas. I and all of the group also attended a meeting
with our external stakeholder, which we all participated actively in and directly affected some GUI decisions.
I think my personal contribution
will increase when we start programming which I really believe is my strength. A lot of
the deliverables that have been done are not really something I believe I am very good at.
Such as GUI-building or the business model canvas. Still ofcourse I will try to continue to do my
best at doing them. 