what do I want to learn or understand better?

As the previous weeks I still want to improve my understanding of Scrum and the rest of the agile mindset. I spent some time reading articles online about acceptance testing
and how to do testing. I still feel like it really has not fully "clicked" yet but I definitely feel more comfortable with scrum than last week. I will continue to read up on 
agile principles when I find the time.
Like last week I also want to 
become better at multitasking in a software development environment. It really is a challenge for me since I have never been a good multitasker. I feel though that I have become
better at it since I now understand the different parts of the program on a deeper level. I don't think I can get better at this by training, it has to do with experience. 

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

Like previous weeks I have tried to be available as often as I can to help the team out with various issues. I have tried to focus more on helping them understand the problem
and giving them tips on how to solve them, than directly solving them for them. 
I hope that this will increase both our productivity and make me feel less stressed about the project.

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

I noticed that some stories were not formatted correctly and I took it up with the team and it should hopefully be solved soon. In general I feel like some of the non code
related tasks of this course, such as documentation, as been prioritized away. 
My goal is to make sure that everything is up to date and correct before we turn in the project by getting the group to do these tasks. Besides this I have also attended
each standup meeting, like almost all sprints but I might have forgotten to mention it. I feel like I contribute by trying to spur discussion and making everyone feel involved.
This is something that I feel is going to make sure that everyone knows what they should do and by result making sure that the project at the end brings value to our stakeholder.
I also had a discussion with the group about how our focus on our time log might not be to beneficial to us since it does not encourage effiency and productivity. It is better
to focus on what you have achieved than how many hour you have spent. This is something that will be taken into account the next sprint. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

I have done quite alot of work on the functionality to save answers and graphs. At the time of writing it is not done but I will spend this weekend to make sure it gets done.
This was caused due to the fact that I did not have as much time as I expected this week. In the future I will try to plan things better. Besides this I have also spent
time on the team reflection. In general I feel like I have become more productive this week which I believe is thanks to the team becoming more and more independent. This
has been a relief for me since I have been quite stressed the last few sprints due to me having to work on too many areas of the app at once.