What do I want to learn or understand better? 
I have gotten more familiar with the programs and with writing code by myself, which was one of my goals with this course. Now I want to learn more about the back-end parts, since I have focused more on the design and just “easier” functionality. This I will learn by daring to try solving problems that I am less comfortable with.
How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
I can help the team learning more by bringing new ideas for how to solve different problems. This sprint it was by proposing that we always should have agendas for the meetings since it worked very well last sprint.
What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? 
I reviewed some code this week according to how the team have decided to work with ensuring code quality. I contributed with making some clarifications by summarizing what had just been said to keep the meeting going forward and making our communication more effective. I have started to being better in commenting my code and making it clean by erasing the unused parts of it.
What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 
This sprint I started with researching how to create a feature that we later decided to not do. This because our customer told our PO that it would not create any value for them. Even though I spend some hours on doing something “unnecessary” it was not for nothing, because one of my goals with this project is to learn as much as possible about developing apps, which I still did even though it did not contribute to the team’s app this time. Later, I started working with creating a page where the user can add when they have started taking new medicines and where the doctor can add signs for alarming symptoms, which will lead to a notification to the patient that he/she should contact his/her doctor. I think it went well with setting up a fragment for this page, connected it to the navigation bar and added buttons with some ground for adding functionality. This sprint has been quite stressful since we had some deadlines in another course, so I hope to be able to spend some extra time in the upcoming sprints or spending some more time in this weekend to compensate.
